Okay.
Juice and coffee all ready.
- Should I take
the banana bread out?
Yes, please.
She left her hotel
22 minutes ago.
She should be here
any minute.
Don't give me that look.
You're the one who
insisted on showering together.
I thought it
would save time.
When are you
going to learn, Shaunie?
I'm irresistible.
That is very true.
She's here.
Hi!
Hello, Claire.
It is very good to see you.
Would you like coffee or
freshly squeezed orange juice?
Coffee, please.
Oh, my God.
He is the cutest.
- Look at the little cheeks.
- I know.
How are things at
Centro de Salud?
Great.
I've managed to make
a ton of improvements
- since you were there.
- Did you get a new
CT machine?
Yeah, and an MRI.
Also, we opened
a prenatal clinic,
and I've instituted
a bunch of protocols
to decrease Hospital
Acquired Infections.
And on
the personal front?
Uh... that is
a work in progress.
But good.
I told Lea about
the lump in your breast.
It was before I convinced you
to have your surgery here.
Not a HIPAA violation.
I hope you also told her
that the biopsy was negative.
It's not cancer, so there's
nothing to worry about.
He did. I reserve
the right to worry.
But let's save
the medicine for later
and focus on more important
stuff like Latin lovers.
Oh. Oh, is that
banana bread?
That smells amazing.
Resistance is futile.
- We have ways
of making you talk.
That was a nice start
to the day.
A fantastic start.
What are you
gonna wear?
I know it's just
City Hall,
but it feels like we should
at least wear
something special.
We can't get married
at City Hall.
- Alex, we've been over this.
- I know.
And you say you don't care
where we get married.
I don't.
But you want to wear
something special,
because you want our
wedding to be special
like I do.
I don't want to delay
our adoption.
You won't have to.
I'm gonna give you
the wedding you deserve.
Something beautiful
and impressive like you.
In four days?
As impressive as me?
Impossible.
Challenge accepted.
This is
a Thomas Keller recipe.
I found it online.
Wow. Smells delicious.
And...
your morning dose.
Also delicious.
When I was little, I used to
dream about being a chef
at a really nice restaurant,
and now I'm gonna
make it a reality.
I know I'll have to
start at the bottom,
but I can work my way up.
Hmm. I'm glad you're
feeling better,
but, you know,
you have to focus on today.
I know.
I'm gonna get clean.
- You're gonna get
professional treatment--
- No.
It's the only way.
And it's the only way forward.
No, it's not.
I don't want methadone.
I hate meetings
and sharing with strangers.
So we'll find you
a program that works for you,
but getting sober
is the point.
It's the only point.
You can't make this a solo act.
I'm not alone.
I have you.
I'm not an
addiction specialist.
No, but you are
a neurosurgeon.
- That's better.
- Hannah--
You are
controlling my doses.
We'll taper off
a little each day.
It's not that simple.
Even if you stop using,
it's a Band-Aid.
Eventually, you're
gonna relapse
unless you get treatment,
and I think you know that.
If I break the rules again,
you can kick my ass out.
I don't want to
kick you out.
I-I--
Nobody's kicking you out.
I want to help.
Well, then we can
do this together.
Please,
just give me a chance.
33-year-old male,
struck by lightning.
Second degree burns
and a possible fractured spine.
- A spinal fracture
from lightning?
- From falling off a roof.
He was working construction
when he got hit.
- Can't feel my legs.
- Push IV fluids.
Let's get trauma labs
and an EKG.
Can you tell me
your name?
- Clint.
- Nice to meet you, Clint.
I'm Dr. Allen. I'm gonna
take good care of you.
Take the trauma shears,
cut his clothes off.
Oh.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Oh, it's so great
to see you.
You, too. I wish it was
under better circumstances.
Oh, I'll be fine.
It's just a tiny benign lump.
Hi, Dr. Brown.
I'm Charlie Lukaitis.
It's very nice to meet you,
Charlie.
Shaun speaks
really highly of you.
- Really?
- I have been fair,
but not overly
complimentary.
Shaun, I was being nice.
You could try harder
to do the same.
- Thank you, Dr. Brown.
- Oh, call me Claire.
Okay, I'm sure
the new MRI
you acquired
is excellent,
but we should do
a stereotactic biopsy
and breast MRI.
Instead of a mammogram?
New research shows
that breast MRI
are more accurate
for younger women
with denser breast tissue.
I was about
to say that.
Sorry, I'm working
on controlling
my impulsive speech.
It just seems you're eager
to demonstrate your knowledge
as med students
are supposed to do.
Thank you, Dr. Brown.
I mean, Claire.
Now you are
being too nice.
Those are punctate burns
at the entry and exit points
connected by second degree
linear flash burn.
What are all these
red lines?
- I'm not s--
- Lichtenberg figures.
The electric shock
causes extravasation
of red blood cells
from the capillaries.
It'll heal with
minimal scarring.
Hi. I'm Dr. Lim.
I thought Dr. Park
was on today.
He's taking a personal day--
wedding planning.
Can you
wiggle your toes?
Alright, nice.
The loss of sensation
in your legs
is a temporary
keraunoparalysis.
It'll disappear
over the next few hours.
Get spinal CTs
and trauma pan scan to confirm,
then we'll
debride the burns.
- Are you ready
to take Mama to work?
Yeah?
Hello?
Glassy, you home?
Oh, my God.
I am so sorry.
That's my fault.
I was seasoning
the skillet,
and I left for like a second
to take out the trash.
I'm Lea,
Aaron's neighbor.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Hannah.
I'm Aaron's niece.
I'm just visiting
for a couple weeks.
I'm so sorry
if I woke you guys up.
Oh, it's alright. I w--
I was just heading to work.
I should, um,
open a window.
So, you'll have to lie
facedown
- with your breast
centered in the frame.
- Okay.
Is it harder or easier
this time being
a second-year?
Um... bit of both.
Yeah.
What about you, Chief?
How are you liking
the big chair?
I like it.
Fewer resources than here,
but also fewer restrictions
and more control.
Mm.
Sounds like a good fit.
Hmm. Oh, speaking of.
Shaun showed me your
Lamborghini in the parking lot.
I know. I know.
I'm an idiot.
No, I was gonna say
good for you.
I thought you
hated sports cars.
Oh, I mean, I still do,
but I know that you loved them.
And you just didn't
want to seem ostentatious.
Mm.
No, I'm happy you've
stopped worrying so much
about what
other people think.
Whatever you left
here searching for,
it's clear you found it.
Maybe we both did.
We're looking for
white-speculated
enhancing masses like...
there.
1.72 centimeters.
A 3-centimeter incision
should--
Did you and Claire
used to date?
W-We were just good friends.
With benefits.
I knew it.
Does Jordan know
that she's here?
Uh, I don't know.
Also, that hardly matters
since I'm not dating Jordan.
Oh? I thought
you wanted to.
- I did.
But we decided
to just be good friends.
Her and Perez,
her ex-boyfriend,
text every day
since Asher died.
It was wrong.
No, it's not wrong.
It's just a choice.
The biopsy from Guatemala
was negative,
but our biopsy from earlier
came back positive.
Claire has breast cancer.
- Sorry I didn't
come by earlier.
- Hi!
Park is out,
and I had to help Glassman
get some stuff
off his plate.
- It's still not
an excuse.
- It's fine.
I'm here now to assure you
you are going to be fine.
Shaun briefed me
on your biopsy,
and we went over
your MRI together.
You are in
the perfect hands.
Ooh. Tell me about being
co-president with Glassman.
Mm.
It's been interesting.
Collaborative.
By collaborative,
you mean you get stuff done,
and then he tells you how
you should have gotten it done?
Oh, you have one of those
in Guatemala?
- Just one? I wish.
- Oh, I miss the old days.
- Mm.
You mean when you were
a Ducati-riding badass?
Hey, I do not need
a Ducati to be a badass.
- Mm.
- I just need...
- More sleep?
- I was thinking
more sex,
but sleep is good.
- Tell me about it.
Sometimes I wonder if I--
Hold that thought.
- To be continued.
- I'll be here.
Hey, we need to talk.
Hello, I need to get Claire
prepped for her surgery.
There's a girl living
in Glassman's apartment.
She says her name is Hannah
and claims she's his niece.
He does not have a niece
named Hannah.
I know, but she had a key
and her clothes were there.
He had a patient
last week named Hannah.
She was a homeless
drug addict
who needed
cervicomedullary surgery.
Why would he let a homeless
drug addict live with him?
I...
don't know.
- I have to go.
The MRI confirmed the mass
is under 2 centimeters.
That's only Stage 1A.
With your hormone profile,
you should be responsive
to hormone therapy
after the surgery.
You probably won't need chemo.
Do you disagree?
No.
Tell me if you do.
I'd rather get
the bad news now.
I agree completely.
I was just thinking
about someone else.
But I will be focused
in the OR.
Another 10 milligrams
morphine.
Sorry.
I just need to remove
the necrotic skin
and tissue
to avoid infection.
That's okay.
It hurts
'cause I'm alive.
Never taking that
for granted again.
Good for you.
I never should have even
started working construction.
Take a couple
deep breaths.
Maybe just not outside
during a thunderstorm.
I used to have a band.
Even put out
a couple EPs,
but we just
couldn't break out.
I got a day job,
turned 30.
Next thing I know,
I'm a foreman
for a roofing company.
Sometimes, big decisions are
just a bunch of small ones
you don't even realize
you made.
I just feel
like I should recommit.
You know, I could
eke out a living
playing clubs and bars.
I'd rather look in the mirror
and know...
I'm the person I want to be.
A curvilinear incision
along the natural crease line
of the breast
gives the best cosmetic
result.
Who were you
thinking about?
You told Claire you were
thinking about someone else.
I shouldn't talk about it.
Raising the flap with
a wide margin around the mass.
Did I say something
inappropriate?
I wasn't thinking about you.
- Was it--
- Charlie.
He said he doesn't want
to talk about it.
Send this to pathology.
The tissue orientation
is marked with ink at 12:00.
Dr. Kalu, your suture spacing
is quite excellent.
You can close.
Suture with vicryls
and monocryl, please.
Is the Hannah
who's living with you
the same Hannah
you treated for Chiari Zero?
Yes.
Seven ball,
corner pocket.
Sh-She is
a drug addict.
Who I am helping.
Helping her detox?
She's a patient
under my care, Shaun.
That's all you need
to know.
If she's a patient,
that means you are
continuing to treat her
while she is
living with you.
- How?
- Shaun--
Are you prescribing her
opiates?
I'm helping her get sober.
I can't have her go out
on the street and buy drugs.
Prescribing her oxycodone
in this situation is unethical.
- I'm aware.
- And possibly illegal.
- You could lose
your medical license.
You need to make her leave.
I'm not giving up on her.
But thank you for your concern.
How long
has he been seizing?
Over four minutes.
- Then give four milligrams
lorazepam.
- Already did.
Then give four more
and one gram levetiracetam.
He's got a mass
in his frontal lobe.
- Could it be
from the lightning strike?
- No.
In fact, the lightning
probably saved his life,
putting him in the hospital.
He has that seizure anywhere
else, he'd probably be dead.
A supramaximal resection
might get at all.
- If we're lucky.
- And if we're not?
It'll likely progress
to a glioblastoma and kill him.
We had our first
official date here.
She jumped on stage
and tried to join Cory Henry's
backup singers.
She loves music,
and this would be
the perfect place.
Yeah,
I'd love to help you,
but I got bands booked
every night.
Couldn't you
reschedule one?
I-I'll pay their fee,
cover whatever the difference
ends up being in your gate.
I mean, name your price.
Sorry.
But I think you're gonna
have to choose
between immediate
and meaningful.
The glioma is
in your posterior frontal lobe
near the motor strip.
We have to be
very aggressive.
If we leave
any tumor behind,
it could grow back
as a glioblastoma,
which could be terminal.
Okay.
Because of the placement
of the tumor,
we may need to cut
into your eloquent cortex,
the area of your brain
which controls motor function.
Are you saying
I won't be able to play guitar?
It's possible.
Alive is alive.
I'll take it.
I am going to tell
Dr. Lim
about Dr. Glassman
and Hannah.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
He'd probably consider it
an even worse betrayal
than when you ended
his surgical career.
I was right about that,
and I am right
about this, too.
He could lose
his medical license.
I am saving him.
Shaun, I don't think it's just
about helping a former patient.
What else is it about?
You know why he helped
you back in Wyoming?
Because he knew
I needed help.
Of course.
Also...
his daughter had just died.
He was grieving.
Maybe he did for you
what he couldn't do for her.
What does that
have to do with Hannah?
Hannah's a drug addict,
just like Maddie was.
I think some of this is
Glassman dealing with his sense
that he failed his daughter.
After everything
he's done to support you,
don't you think you should
let him help Hannah?
Dr. Glassman... is only putting
himself at risk,
which I guess is okay.
I won't tell Dr. Lim.
Okay.
I'm thinking
an awake craniotomy
with intraoperative
motor brain mapping.
Respiratory failure leads
to brain edema and herniation,
air embolism,
intraop seizures,
just to name
a few of the risks.
He was struck by lightning
and remembered who he was.
A guitarist.
I don't want to take
that away from him.
Big swing.
I think I'm gonna do it.
You seem
amped up about this.
It suits you.
You need to keep him playing
guitar during the surgery.
If his playing gets worse
during motor mapping,
then you can't cut
into that area.
If he keeps playing well,
then it's safe to cut.
Digale a Dr. Maldonado
que cubra esos turnos...
Esperemos la semana que viene.
Me tengo que ir.
Gracias, Imelda.
Your pathology
just came back.
We didn't get
clean margins.
Now, you're already
on the board
for this afternoon.
We'll perform a re-excision,
removing a wider margin
of the breast tissue,
followed by a sentinel
lymph node biopsy
to see if it's spread.
But...
...if it has...
...well, then, who better
to take this on?
You grew up
in a trailer park.
You were raised
by a bipolar mother.
Went to a top med school
on scholarship.
Then you were recruited to be
chief of surgery in a country
where you didn't even know
the language.
Now, two years later,
you, uh...
you speak perfect Spanish
and you've overhauled
the hospital.
You are an unstoppable force,
Claire Browne.
And on top of all of that,
you are kind,
compassionate,
and [chuckles] heart-stoppingly
beautiful.
Cancer doesn't stand
a chance against you.
Forgot how great
your bedside manner is.
And my Spanish
is far from perfect.
Play guitar during surgery?
The risk of complications
is higher,
but an awake surgery
is the only way
to ensure full post-op function
of your fine motor skills.
We test each resection area
and get immediate feedback
before removing any tissue.
And won't it hurt?
You won't even feel it.
Any song requests?
Thank you for coming.
So, what does she want?
She doesn't want anything.
She doesn't know I'm here.
I want your help.
I'd like to stage
an intervention for Hannah.
You think we haven't
tried that-- multiple times?
Well, let's try again.
Your daughter needs
your help.
What do you know
about my daughter?
She came to me
with Chiari Zero.
That is a malformation
of the brain
which causes persistent
and sometimes
very intense pain.
That's why she started
on the oxycodone.
Can that be treated?
My colleague already
performed surgery.
It was
a complete success.
She had brain surgery?
Is she still
in the hospital?
She's staying on my couch.
It was there
or the streets.
So she's using
in your home?
Yes,
under my supervision.
I wrote her a prescription
for oxycodone,
which I'm administering
on a schedule.
You're her new
drug dealer.
Her first night
in my apartment,
she OD'd on fentanyl--
fentanyl that she bought
on the street.
Street drugs right now
are Russian roulette.
What I'm doing
is much safer.
I could call the cops on you.
Do you know that?
Tell me something--
is it just the drugs?
Are you also sleeping
with her?
If I were doing that,
would I be calling you?
Can we please stop
with the nonsense now?
I'm trying
to save her life.
The only way
she turns this around
is if she hits rock bottom.
- Rock bottom.
- Mm-hmm.
I kicked my daughter
out of my house.
And I told her,
"Do not come back
until you're clean
and sober."
The next time I saw her was
on the coroner's table.
Well, I'm very sorry.
But Hannah
is not your daughter.
And the only person
that can save Hannah is Hannah.
But she has
to want the help.
And that's never
gonna happen
as long as you keep
enabling her.
I heard your second surgery
was boring--
just the way
we like them.
I'm still a little sore.
That's why I brought this.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, yeah,
that is much better.
Bless you.
Now, show me that baby.
Oh, she is gorgeous.
The spitting image
of Winston Churchill.
- She, too, will one day
rule an empire.
Park looks so happy
to be her dad.
Doesn't he?
And as soon
as we get married,
we can finalize the adoption
and make it official.
Way to bury the lede!
Congrats.
When's the big day?
Sometime this week, actually.
- Do you want to come?
- Absolutely.
Oh, I'm just glad
that Park is making
an honest woman
out of you.
Me, too.
I can't believe
how close I came
to letting him get away.
Hi.
- Hi.
I'm making Coq au vin.
I found a bottle of Burgundy
in the cabinet.
I hope you don't mind.
We're celebrating.
Celebrating?
What are we celebrating?
I got a job...
at L'Amour,
as a hostess,
but it's one of the best
restaurants in the city,
and I can
work my way up.
Wow.
That is amazing.
I am very,
very proud of you.
Thank you.
I'm proud of me, too.
- Mmm.
Oh.
Time for your pill.
Um, after my shower.
This has to simmer
for 30 minutes, anyway.
- Those aren't mine.
- Please don't lie to me.
I found them
in your jeans.
Why were you going through
my stuff?
Well, obviously,
I can't trust you, can I?
I want to get clean.
I do. I just...
You're making me go
too fast.
We're gonna get
you treatment.
I'm gonna take you,
and we're gonna go, and--
No, I told you,
I'm not going to rehab.
It doesn't work!
- It's the only thing
that does work!
- I'm outta here.
- I'm gonna flush it
right down the toilet.
- Stop. What are you doing?
That's mine. Stop it.
- I paid for those.
Stop it.
- Too bad.
- There you go.
Okay?
This is your fault!
How could you think
giving me more pills
was gonna help me
get clean?!
How is it my fault?
I'm giving you
too many drugs
or I'm making you
kick too fast--
Which is it?
It can't be both.
I hate you!
- No, you don't.
- Yes, I do!
I hate you.
I got to go.
You can't leave.
Like hell, I can't.
If you leave, you're g--
you're gonna end up dead.
Is that what you want?
This isn't working.
- I have to go.
- Okay. Alright. Alright.
Alright, alright.
Your pathology report
hasn't come back yet.
Oh, that wasn't why I, um--
why I texted.
What's been on your mind?
You're not very good
at keeping secrets, Shaun.
I... can't tell you.
Do you want to?
Yes, I think you could help.
I've never betrayed
your trust.
Dr. Glassman
is prescribing oxycodone
to a teenage drug addict
who is living with him.
He says he isn't
concerned about losing
his medical license
or going to jail,
but he should be.
If I don't understand
his decisions,
how can I stop him
from making bad ones?
Oh.
When I was a kid, I...
I didn't even ask
why my mom used.
I was too busy
trying to survive.
But now, I think
what my mom needed most
was one thing in her life
without an "if" attached.
With addicts,
everything becomes conditional.
A home, a job, even love.
They only get them
if they get clean.
Dr. Glassman told Maddie
she could only come home
if she got sober.
Then she died.
The "if" killed her.
The drugs killed her.
And a car accident killed
my mom, but...
...sometimes I can't help
but feel
if I'd told her
I loved her unconditionally...
she would still be alive.
So, Dr. Glassman
needs to keep giving Hannah
unconditional love,
even if it risks his career?
I think so.
And if I want to help
Dr. Glassman,
I need to help Hannah.
How?
I-I'm sorry, Shaun.
I don't know.
But if someone told me
the day we met outside,
when you were soaking wet,
barely able to communicate,
that you would become
a top attending,
a wonderful husband
and father,
I wouldn't have
believed them.
But you have grown
so much.
You're really, really good
at helping people, Shaun.
You're gonna figure out
how to help.
I've missed this.
Me, too.
Ojemann stimulator.
Beginning motor mapping.
No motor arrest.
Mark area one
safe for resection.
Area two
not safe for resection.
Are you okay, Clint?
I think so.
Can you keep playing?
Continuing motor mapping.
Totally clean margins,
lymph node negative,
no more surgeries.
You are good to go.
Oh, that is fantastic.
Oh, thank you.
I'm so glad
I got to see you again.
Me, too.
Seems like you're back
where you belong.
I wasn't gonna come back.
I, um...
I-I told Shaun
that I'd just get
the lumpectomy in Guatemala,
and then he told me
that you would be here.
You know,
since being back,
I, um, think about you
all the time.
Not like I didn't before,
but...
I don't know why
I couldn't commit to you.
I think I was just young, stubborn.
It's okay.
We got all of it.
You'll need to do
some radiotherapy,
but it shouldn't interfere
with your music career.
Well, I'm not sure
any crowd will compare
to playing
with my brain exposed.
Thank you so much.
You look upset,
like you have been crying.
Are you okay?
No.
Hannah bought pills
on the street.
I don't know what to do.
I can't help her.
I tried.
I-I don't want to...
I don't want
to fight anymore.
Do you want me
to stay with you?
No.
I'm gonna go
for a walk.
Thank you.
Who are you?
I am Dr. Shaun Murphy.
Dr. Glassman's... son.
Not biologically.
Dr. Glassman helped me
like he's helping you.
So, basically,
we're both broken toys
that are supposed to replace
the daughter he couldn't fix?
Dr. Glassman
didn't fix me.
He loved me.
I'm not like
other people.
Other kids
called me weird.
My parents
didn't want me.
So, that was how
I saw myself.
But Dr. Glassman saw
that I could be more.
And now I see myself
as so much more
because Dr. Glassman
loved me...
...unconditionally.
I am still different.
I will...
always have autism,
but now
I'm proud of that.
You will always be
an addict,
even if you stop
using drugs.
But Dr. Glassman sees
you can be more.
Why can't you?
Mm.
It's after midnight.
I know.
Joelle's on her way
to babysit.
Why?
I borrowed your
favorite dress,
gave it to the dressmaker,
so she'd have the right size.
I haven't looked.
I'm not supposed
to see it until later.
We're getting married now?
2:00 a.m. was the only time
the perfect venue
was available.
Idle Time Jazz Bar,
where we--
Had our first
official date.
You're amazing.
I'm glad you're here.
I know I'll always be
an addict.
But I'd like to be more.
I know I need rehab.
I'd really like it...
if you could still
be here for me...
...after rehab.
Like you were
for Dr. Murphy.
As long as I'm here,
I'll be here for you.
We have to find you
the right program.
I am a president
of a hospital,
so I should be able to pull
some strings.
Mr. Big Shot.
You better believe it.
To always support
your boundless ambitions.
To never complain,
no matter how many times
you make me listen
to the same show tunes.
And most of all, I...
I vow to be the man
and the father
and the best friend
you and Eden need.
Always.
Well, I think I was
the last person
that knew we were
getting married tonight,
so I didn't write
any vows.
But the truth is
that I will never be
as romantic or as sweet
as you are.
But I will never stop
loving you.
Or stop teasing you
because I know it turns you on.
Shaun and Lea, the rings.
With this ring...
...I thee wed.
With this ring,
I thee wed.
Alright, you two.
Now, smooch.
♪ Yeah, raise your glass
to the ceiling ♪
♪ There's true love,
there's true love
in the building ♪
- What is happening?!
- ♪ Hope y'all catching
the feeling ♪
♪ I know you
catching the feeling ♪
- ♪ Something borrowed ♪
- ♪ Something new ♪
- ♪ Something old ♪
- ♪ Something blue ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You're just too good
to be true ♪
♪ Can't take my eyes
off of you ♪
♪ You'd be like heaven
to touch ♪
♪ I want to hold you
so much ♪
♪ At long last,
love has arrived ♪
♪ And I thank God
I'm alive ♪
♪ You're just too good
to be true ♪
♪ Can't take my eyes
off of you ♪
♪ I need you, baby ♪
♪ And if
it's quite alright ♪
♪ I need you, baby ♪
♪ Unh, you know I need you,
baby ♪
♪ To warm
the lonely nights ♪
♪ Unh, to warm
♪ I love you, baby ♪
This is perfect.
I know.
♪ Oh, pretty baby ♪
♪ Don't let me down,
I pray ♪
♪ Oh, pretty baby ♪
♪ Now that I found you,
stay ♪
♪ And let me love you ♪
♪ Oh, baby, let me love you,
okay ♪
♪ There's no reason
to even talk about last night ♪
♪ I'm trying to love you and
turn you on like a flashlight ♪
♪ And I ain't never gon worry
bout what yo past life ♪
♪ We gotta kid, we gon raise
her up like the gas price ♪
♪ When we locked eyes,
the feelings was
originally lopsided ♪
I'm glad I came back.
Me, too.
♪ You covered up your heart
so I had to go find it ♪
♪ You can't find love mixed
with all that pride in ♪
♪ Yet you think you'll be the
one that I could confide in ♪
♪ You mine, then ♪
Scotch, please.
Tequila, stat.
Cheers.
Hannah told me
about your talk.
Her parents are taking her
to rehab tomorrow.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You have grown...
a lot.
As a doctor, as a father,
as a man.
Thank you.
I have.
My cancer is back.
It's progressed
to a glioblastoma.
There are...
new experimental--
No, no, no, no,
no, no.
It's terminal.
I'm dying.
Amir will be here
in a minute
to take you
to your hotel.
Or we could go back
to your place.
I can't.
Not if it's gonna be
a one-night stand.
It's not gonna be
Oh.
You okay?
Oh, yeah.
I just feel a little bit sick.
Yeah, you feel warm.
You didn't drink anything,
did you?
No,
because of the medication.
Claire?
Claire? Clai--
Hi. Are you Jared?
St. Bonaventure,
as fast as you can drive.